# BEGIN PROB

Drivers' ratings can change over time, as they perform more and more
deliveries. For instance, after one delivery a driver's rating might be
4.8, and after their next delivery it might drop to 4.7. We say a driver
is *consistent* if their rating was the **exact same** for all of their
deliveries in `orders`.

Fill in the blanks so `prop_consistent` below evaluates to a float,
corresponding to the **proportion of drivers** who are consistent.

```python
    def f(x):
        return __(iv)__
```

```python
    prop_consistent = (
     orders
     .groupby(__(i)__)
     [__(ii)__]
     .__(iii)__(f)
     .mean()
    )
```

# BEGIN SOLUTION

**Answer**:

- (i): `"Driver"`. We use `groupby("Driver")` because we want to check the consistency of ratings for **each individual driver**. By grouping by `"Driver"`, we are able to look at each driver's set of ratings across their deliveries.

- (ii): `"rating"`. We want to check whether all `"rating"` values for a given `"Driver"` are the same. To do so, we’ll need to look at a Series of `"rating"` values for each `"Driver"`, so that’s the column we extract here.

- (iii): `agg`. The `agg` method allows us to apply an aggregation function to each group (each `"Driver"` in this case). This is necessary because we are checking a condition across an entire group of ratings rather than filtering individual rows. It’s also worth noting that since `.mean()` is used at the end, the `agg` step must be producing a series of Boolean values (`True` or `False`), one for each `"Driver"`. Each value represents whether that **driver's ratings are consistent**.

- (iv): `x.max() == x.min() or x.nunique() == 1`. This is the Boolean statement used in the `f` function to check whether a `"Driver"`'s ratings are consistent. `x.max() == x.min()` confirms that all ratings are identical, since both the maximum and minimum must be the same if no variation exists. `x.nunique() == 1` achieves the same goal by checking directly whether there is only one unique rating. Either approach is valid, and there are several other possibilities too, such as checking `x.std() == 0` or using `x.eq(x.iloc[0]).all()`.



# END SOLUTION

# END PROB