# BEGIN PROB

Suppose the expression below evaluates to `1`.

```python
    (orders[orders["type"] == "Snack"]["driver"]
     .value_counts()
     .value_counts()
     .shape[0]
    )
```

What can we conclude about `orders`?

( ) Every driver made at least 1 `"Snack"` delivery.
( ) Every driver made exactly 1 `"Snack"` delivery.
( ) Every driver made at most 1 `"Snack"` delivery.
( ) Every driver made exactly $k$ `"Snack"` deliveries, where $k$ is some positive constant.
( ) Every driver made exactly 0 or exactly $k$ `"Snack"` deliveries, where $k$ is some positive constant.
( ) Every driver that made a `"Snack"` delivery did not make any other kind of delivery.

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer**: `Every driver made exactly 0 or exactly  k "Snack" deliveries, where k is some positive constant.`

The expression filters the `orders` dataframe to include only rows where the `type` column is equal to `"Snack"`. We are focusing on the drivers who made "Snack" deliveries. Then `.value_counts()` tells us how many "Snack" deliveries each driver has made. For example, if Driver A made 3 Snack deliveries, Driver A will have a count of 3. After the first `.value_counts()`, the second `.value_counts()` counts how many drivers have made the same number of "Snack" deliveries. 

For instance, if three drivers made 2 "Snack" deliveries each, and two drivers made 3 "Snack" deliveries each, `value_counts()` will return a series showing the count of drivers per number of deliveries (e.g., 3 drivers made 2 deliveries, 2 drivers made 3 deliveries).

Lastly, the `.shape[0]` gets us the number of distinct values in the second `value_counts()` result, which tells us how many different numbers of "Snack" deliveries are represented in the data. In this case, we know that it evaluates to `1`, which means there is only one distinct number of deliveries made by drivers.


# END SOLUTION

# END PROB