# BEGIN PROB

Consider the DataFrame `C`, defined below.
```python
    C = orders.pivot_table(
      index="type", # Possible values: "Buffet", "Drinks", "Meal", "Snacks"
      columns="traffic", # Possible values: "High", "Low", "Moderate", "Very Low"
      values="minutes",
      aggfunc="count"
    )
```

Throughout this question, assume that after defining `C` above, **we
sort `C` such that both its index and columns are in ascending
alphabetical order** (as shown above).

# BEGIN SUBPROB

Fill in the blanks so that the expression below evaluates to the
**proportion of `"Snack"` deliveries that were made in `"Moderate"`
traffic**. Each blank should be filled with a single integer, float,
string, or Boolean value.

```python
    C.iloc[__(i)__, __(ii)__] / C.loc[__(iii)__].sum()
```


# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer**: There are multiple possible answers  

- `(i)` `3 or -1` -  The index of C is sorted alphabetically, meaning the row order follows "Buffet", "Drinks", "Meal", "Snacks". Since "Snacks" is the last item in this order, its index is 3 (0-based) or -1 (negative indexing).

- `(ii)` `2 or -2` -  Similarly, the columns are sorted alphabetically: "High", "Low", "Moderate", "Very Low". "Moderate" appears third in this order, making its index 2 (0-based) or -2 (negative indexing).
 
- `(iii)` `Snacks` - To get the total number of "Snacks" deliveries across all traffic levels, we use .loc["Snacks"]. The .sum() function then adds up all values in that row.

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# BEGIN SUBPROB

Fill in the blanks so that the expression below evaluates to the
**proportion of deliveries made in `"Low"` traffic that were for
`"Buffet"`s**. Blanks (i) and (ii) should each be filled with a single
integer, float, string, or Boolean value.

```python
    C.loc[__(i)__, __(ii)__] / __(iii)__.sum()
```


(iii): 

( ) `C.iloc[:, -1]`   
( ) `C.iloc[:, 0]`   
( ) `C.iloc[:, 1]`    
( ) `C.iloc[-1, :]`        
( ) `C.iloc[0, :]`      
( ) `C.iloc[1, :]`

# BEGIN SOLUTION
- `(i)``Buffet` - when using  `.loc[]`, we reference labels instead of numerical indices. Since the index represents order `"type"` and is sorted alphabetically ("Buffet", "Drinks", "Meal", "Snacks"), "Buffet" is the correct label for selecting the row corresponding to buffet orders.

- `(ii)` `Low` - similarly, the column order is sorted alphabetically as "High", "Low", "Moderate", "Very Low", making "Low" the correct column label to select deliveries in "Low" traffic.

- `(iii)` `C.iloc[:, 1]` - Here, we are using `.iloc[]`, which is integer-location based indexing. The `[:, 1]` part means we are selecting all rows (:) in the second column (index 1), which corresponds to "Low" traffic, since the columns are sorted alphabetically as "High", "Low", "Moderate", "Very Low". By selecting `C.iloc[:, 1]`, we are referencing all the values in the "Low" column, and .sum() will give the total number of deliveries made in "Low" traffic, across all order types.

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# END PROB