# BEGIN PROB

The delivery company wants to reward a subset of its drivers with a gift
card for their service. To do so, they:

1.  Choose an integer $k$ between 1 and 10 inclusive, uniformly at
    random.

2.  Choose $k$ **unique** drivers, uniformly at random, such that all
    drivers have the same chance of being chosen, no matter how many
    deliveries they have made. Note that a driver cannot be selected
    more than once.

Driver `"WOLVAA01"` asks ChatGPT to write code that simulates the
probability that he wins a gift card, and it gives him back the
following:
```python
    drivers = orders["driver"].unique()

    def choose_k():
        return np.random.choice(np.arange(1, 11))

    def one_sim(k):
        selected = np.array([])
        for i in range(k):
            selectee = np.random.choice(drivers, 1, replace=False)
            selected = np.append(selected, selectee)
        return "WOLVAA01" in selected

    def simulation():
        k = choose_k()
        N = 100_000
        total = 0
        for i in range(N):
            total = total + one_sim(k)
        return total / N
```
`simulation()` *should* return an estimate of the probability that
`"WOLVAA01"` wins a gift card, but some of the code is potentially
buggy. **Select all issues** with the code above.

[ ] `drivers` only includes the drivers that made one delivery, rather than all drivers.
[ ] `choose_k` returns a random integer between `1` and `11`, instead of one from `1` to `10`.
[ ] `choose_k` always returns the same number.
[ ] `one_sim` draws `k` drivers with replacement, instead of without replacement.
[ ] `one_sim` draws `k` drivers without replacement, instead of with replacement.
[ ] `one_sim` always returns `False`, because `selected` is always an empty array.
[ ] `simulation` only picks one value of `k`, when it should select a new `k` on each iteration.
[ ] None of the above.

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer** 

**`one_sim` draws `k` drivers with replacement, instead of without replacement** - Because `np.random.choice()` is called separately each time within the for loop, there is no guarantee that all k chosen drivers will be distinct across iterations. Which means that some drivers might be picked more than once, violating the "unique drivers" requirement.The correct way to choose the k drivers would be - 
```python
np.random.choice(drivers, k, replace=False)
```


**`simulation` only picks one value of `k`, when it should select a new `k` on each iteration** - The code defines k once at the beginning of simulation() using `choose_k()`. This means that the same value of k is used for all iterations of the simulation. However, as per the problem statement, k should be chosen anew on each iteration of the simulation. Therefore, the function `choose_k()` should be called within the loop to select a random k for each iteration.

# END SOLUTION

# END PROB