# BEGIN PROB

The HTML document below contains the items on Wolverine Flavors Express'
menu. We've only shown three menu items, but there are many more, as
indicated by the ellipses `...`

    <html>
        <head>
            <title>Wolverine Flavors Express: A2's Favorite Indian Spot</title>
        </head>
        <body>
            <h1>Wolverine Flavors Express Menu</h1>
            <div class="meta">Last Updated February 25, 2025</div>
            <div class="menu-item" data-price="14.99" data-calories="650">
                <h2>Butter Chicken</h2>
                <p>Tender chicken in creamy tomato sauce - $14.99</p>
            </div>
            <div class="menu-item" data-price="12.99" data-calories="480">
                <h2>Chana Masala</h2>
                <p>Spiced chickpea curry - $12.99 ($11.99 on Tuesday)</p>
            </div>
            ...
            <div class="menu-item" data-price="21.99" data-calories="1050">
                <h2>Chicken 65 Biryani</h2>
                <p>Spicy chicken marinated with rice - $21.99 (special)</p>
            </div>
        </body>
    </html>

Suppose we define `soup` to be a BeautifulSoup object that is
instantiated using the HTML document above. Fill in the blanks below so
that `low_cals` contains the names of the menu items with less than 500
calories.
```python
    low_cals = []
    for x in __(i)__:
        if __(ii)__:
            low_cals.append(__(iii)__)
```

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer** 

- ```python 
soup.find_all("div", class_="menu-item") or soup.find_all("div", attrs={"class": "menu-item"}). 
```

- ```python
float(x.get("data-calories")) < 500
```

- ```python 
x.find("h2").text 
```




```python 
soup.find_all("div", class_="menu-item") or soup.find_all("div", attrs={"class": "menu-item"}). 
```

We want to extract all the menu items from the HTML. Each menu item is contained within a div tag with the class menu-item. So, we need to find all the div elements that have this class.
In BeautifulSoup, we can do this with the `find_all()` method, which searches the document for all elements matching a specific condition.




```python 
float(x.get("data-calories")) < 500 
```

This code is used to check whether the number of calories in each menu item is less than 500. We first use 
`x.get("data-calories")` to retrieve the calorie count as a string. We then convert that string to a floating-point number using float() so we can compare it with 500. If the calorie count is less than 500, we extract the name of the menu item from the `<h2>` tag and add it to the low_cals list.




```python 
x.find("h2").text
```

Lastly, we want to extract the name of the menu item from each selected div element. The find("h2") method is called on x. `.find` searches for the first occurrence of a `<h2>` tag within the x element. Once we have the `<h2>` element (in this case, `Chana Masala`), we use .text to extract the text content inside the `<h2>` tag.

# END SOLUTION

# END PROB