# BEGIN PROB

When we originally downloaded the `orders` dataset from the internet,
some of the values in the `"minutes"` columns were formatted incorrectly
as strings with two decimals in them. To clean the data, we implemented
the function `clean_minutes`, which takes in an invalid minutes value as
a string and returns a correctly formatted minutes value as a float.
Example behavior of `clean_minutes` is given below.

    >>> clean_minutes("8.334.108")
    83.34
    >>> clean_minutes("5.123.999")
    51.23
    >>> clean_minutes("12.091.552")
    120.91
    >>> clean_minutes("525.345.262")
    5253.45

As a helper function, we implemented the function `split_pieces`;
example behavior is given below.

    >>> split_pieces("8.334.108")
    ("8", "334")
    >>> split_pieces("12.091.552")
    ("12", "091")

Fill in the blanks to complete the implementations of the functions
`split_pieces` and `clean_minutes` so that they behave as described
above. Assume that the inputs to both functions are formatted like in
the examples above, i.e. that there are exactly 3 digits between the
middle two decimals.

    def split_pieces(s):
        return re.findall(__(i)__, s)[0]

    def clean_minutes(s):   
        p = split_pieces(s)
        return __(ii)__

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer**

- `(i)` `(\d+)\.(\d{3})`

    - `(\d+)`: This part matches one or more digits before the first decimal point. The parentheses around \d+ capture this part into a group, allowing us to extract the digits before the first decimal.
    -  `\.`: This matches the literal decimal point. The backslash \ is necessary because the dot . is a special character in regular expressions that usually matches any character, so we need to escape it with a backslash to match an actual period.
    - `(\d{3})`: This matches exactly three digits after the first decimal and before the second decimal. The parentheses around \d{3} capture these digits into another group, allowing us to extract them separately.



- `(ii)` ```python int(p[0] + p[1]) / 100 
```

    p is a tuple returned by the split_pieces(s) function, where p[0] is the first part (before the first decimal point) and p[1] is the part between the two decimals.

    For example, if the input string is "8.334.108", p would be ("8", "334").
    The expression ```python p[0] + p[1] ``` concatenates these two parts together, creating the string "83334". This represents the combined value of the minutes, but it's not in the correct format. We can wrap this around the int function which will convert the concatenated string "83334" into an integer.

   
# END SOLUTION

# END PROB