# BEGIN PROB

Suppose `soup` is a BeautifulSoup object representing the homepage of 
a Sephora competitor.

Furthermore, suppose `prods`, defined below, is a list of strings
containing the name of every product on the site.
```py
    prods = [row.get("prod") for row in soup.find_all("row", class_="thing")]
```
Given that `prods[1]` evaluates to `"Cleansifier"`, which of the
following options describes the source code of the site?

-   Option 1:

        <row class="thing">prod: Facial Treatment Essence</row>
        <row class="thing">prod: Cleansifier</row>
        <row class="thing">prod: Self Tan Dry Oil SPF 50</row>
        ...

-   Option 2:

        <row class="thing" prod="Facial Treatment Essence"></row>
        <row class="thing" prod="Cleansifier"></row>
        <row class="thing" prod="Self Tan Dry Oil SPF 50"></row>
        ...

-   Option 3:

        <row prod="thing" class="Facial Treatment Essence"></row>
        <row prod="thing" class="Cleansifier"></row>
        <row prod="thing" class="Self Tan Dry Oil SPF 50"></row>
        ...

-   Option 4:

        <row class="thing">prod="Facial Treatment Essence"</row>
        <row class="thing">prod="Cleansifier"</row>
        <row class="thing">prod="Self Tan Dry Oil SPF 50"</row>
        ...

( ) Option 1
( ) Option 2
( ) Option 3
( ) Option 4

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer**: Option 2

The given code:  
```py
prods = [row.get("prod") for row in soup.find_all("row", class_="thing")]
```
retrieves all `<row>` elements with the class `"thing"` and extracts the value of the `"prod"` attribute for each.

- **Option 1**:  
  In this structure, the product names appear as text content within the `<row>` tags, not as an attribute. `row.get("prod")` would return `None`.

- **Option 2**:  
  Here, the product names are stored as the value of the `"prod"` attribute. `row.get("prod")` successfully retrieves these values.

- **Option 3**:  
  In this structure, the `"prod"` attribute contains the value `"thing"`, and the product names are stored as the value of the `"class"` attribute. `soup.find_all("row", class_="thing")` will not retrieve any of these tags since there are no tags with `class="thing"`.

- **Option 4**:  
  In this structure, the product names are part of the text content inside the `<row>` tags. `row.get("prod")` would return `None`.

<average>76</average>

# END SOLUTION

# END PROB