# BEGIN PROB

Suppose we want to fit a simple linear regression model (using squared
loss) that predicts the number of ingredients in a product given its
price. We're given that:

-   The average cost of a product in our dataset is \$40, i.e.
    $\bar x = 40$.

-   The average number of ingredients in a product in our dataset is 15,
    i.e. $\bar y = 15$.

The intercept and slope of the regression line are $w_0^* = 11$ and
$w_1^* = \frac{1}{10}$, respectively.

# BEGIN SUBPROB

Suppose Victors' Veil (a skincare product) costs \$40 and has 11
ingredients. What is the squared loss of our model's predicted number of
ingredients for Victors' Veil? Give your answer as a **number**.

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer**: $$16$$

The predicted number of ingredients for Victors' Veil is calculated using the regression model: $\hat{y} = w_0^* + w_1^* x$

Substituting $w_0^* = 11$, $w_1^* = \frac{1}{10}$, and $x = 40$: 
$$
\hat{y} = 11 + \frac{1}{10} \cdot 40 = 11 + 4 = 15
$$

The squared loss is then:

$$ 
L = (\hat{y} - y)^2 = (15 - 11)^2 = 4^2 = 16
$$



# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# BEGIN SUBPROB

Is it possible to answer part (a) above **just** by knowing $\bar x$ and
$\bar y$, i.e. **without** knowing the values of $w_0^*$ and $w_1^*$?

( ) Yes; the values of $w_0^*$ and $w_1^*$ don't impact the answer to
part (a).
( ) No; the values of $w_0^*$ and $w_1^*$ are necessary to answer part
(a).

# BEGIN SOLUTION
**Answer**: Yes; the values of $w_0^*$ and $w_1^*$ don't impact the answer to part (a).

To answer part (a), we only need to know the average values $\bar{x}$ and $\bar{y}$, as the regression line will always pass through $(\bar{x}, \bar{y})$. 

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# BEGIN SUBPROB

Suppose $x_i$ represents the price of product $i$, and suppose $u_i$
represents the **negative price** of product $i$. In other words, for
$i = 1, 2, ..., n$, where $n$ is the number of points in our dataset:

$$u_i = - x_i$$

Suppose $U$ is the design matrix for the simple linear regression model
that uses **negative** price to predict number of ingredients. Which of
the following matrices could be $U^TU$?

$\begin{bmatrix} -15 & 600 \\ 600 & -30000 \end{bmatrix}$

$\begin{bmatrix} 15 & -600 \\ -600 & 30000 \end{bmatrix}$

$\begin{bmatrix} -15 & 450 \\ 450 & -30000 \end{bmatrix}$

$\begin{bmatrix} 15 & -450 \\ -450 & 30000 \end{bmatrix}$


# BEGIN SOLUTION

**Answer**: $$\begin{bmatrix} 15 & -600 \\ -600 & 30000 \end{bmatrix}$$

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# END PROB