# BEGIN PROB

<i>Source: [Fall 2021 Final Exam](../fa21-final/index.html), Problem 11</i>

Below, we have a (real) sample of 12 passengers on the RMS Titanic, a British cruise ship that tragically sank in 1912. For each passenger in our sample, we have the following information:

- **survived**: 1 if they survived the sinking of the Titanic, 0 if they did not
- **sex**: either Male or Female
- **class**: the cabin class they were in, either First, Second, or Third (with First being the most luxurious)
- **age**: either child (for those under 18) or adult (for those 18 and older)

\vspace{0.1in}

<div>
| survived &emsp;&emsp; | sex &emsp;&emsp; | class &emsp;&emsp; | age &emsp;&emsp; |
|----------|--------|--------|-------|
| 0        | female | Third  | adult |
| 0        | male   | First  | adult |
| 0        | male   | Third  | adult |
| 1        | female | First  | adult |
| 1        | female | First  | adult |
| 1        | female | First  | child |
| 1        | female | Second | adult |
| 1        | female | Second | adult |
| 1        | female | Third  | adult |
| 1        | female | Third  | child |
| 1        | male   | First  | child |
| 1        | male   | Second | adult |
</div>

\vspace{0.1in}

# BEGIN SUBPROB 
Selma Augusta Emilia was a 38 year old female in Third class. Using the Naive Bayes classification algorithm with no smoothing, predict whether Selma Augusta Emilia survived the sinking of the Titanic. You must show all intermediate steps, including the probabilities you used to make your classification, and you must clearly state what your prediction is.

# BEGIN SOLUTION

We predict that Selma Augusta Emilia **survived** the Titanic.

We want to determine which is larger, $P(\text{1 | female, Third, adult})$ or $P(\text{0 | female, Third, adult})$, where 1 means the passenger survived and 0 means the passenger did not survive. The Naive Bayes algorithm works by re-writing these two probabilities using Bayes' theorem, recognizing that we can determine which is larger by comparing their numerators, and using an assumption of conditional independence on their numerators.

Let's first consider $P(1 | \text{female, Third, adult})$. By Bayes' rule, the numerator of this probability is $$P(1) P(\text{female, Third, adult} | 1)$$ and by the assumption of conditional independence given a class, this is equal to

$$P(1) P(\text{female} | 1) P(\text{Third} | 1) P(\text{adult} | 1)$$

We can estimate these four probabilities using our training set.

- $P(1) = \frac{9}{12} = \frac{3}{4}$, because 9 of the 12 people in our training dataset are survivors (survived = 1).
- $P(\text{female} | 1) = \frac{7}{9}$, because 7 of the 9 survivors in our dataset are female.
- $P(\text{Third} | 1) = \frac{2}{9}$, because 2 of the 9 survivors in our dataset are in Third class.
- $P(\text{adult} | 1) = \frac{6}{9} = \frac{2}{3}$, because 6 of the 9 survivors in our dataset are adults.


So, this numerator becomes

$$P(1) P(\text{female} | 1) P(\text{Third} | 1) P(\text{adult} | 1) = \frac{3}{4} \cdot \frac{7}{9} \cdot \frac{2}{9} \cdot \frac{2}{3} = \frac{7}{81}$$

Similarly, we must estimate $P(0) P(\text{female} | 0) P(\text{Third} | 0) P(\text{adult} | 0)$:


- $P(0) = \frac{3}{12} = \frac{1}{4}$, because 3 of the 12 people in our training dataset are not survivors (survived = 0).
- $P(\text{female} | 0) = \frac{1}{3}$, because 1 of the 3 non-survivors in our dataset are female.
- $P(\text{Third} | 0) = \frac{2}{3}$, because 2 of the 3 non-survivors in our dataset are in Third class.
- $P(\text{adult} | 0) = \frac{3}{3} = 1$, because all 3 of the non-survivors in our dataset are adults.


Then, we have

$$P(0) P(\text{female} | 0) P(\text{Third} | 0) P(\text{adult} | 0) = \frac{1}{4} \cdot \frac{1}{3} \cdot \frac{2}{3} \cdot 1 = \frac{1}{18}$$

Note that $\frac{1}{18} = \frac{4.5}{81}$. Since this is smaller than $\frac{7}{81}$, the numerator for class 1, we predict that Selma Augusta Emilia survived the Titanic.

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# BEGIN SUBPROB 
If you try to use Naive Bayes to classify whether Selma Augusta Emilia's 8 year old daughter (who also sat with her in Third class) survived the Titanic, one of the two probabilities that you'd compare would turn out to be 0.

Using smoothing, compute $P(\text{child } | \text{ survived})$ and $P(\text{child } | \text{ didn't survive})$. Show your work. Note that all you need to do is find these two probabilities; you don't need to make any predictions.

# BEGIN SOLUTION

$$P(\text{child } | \text{ survived}) = \displaystyle\frac{4}{11}, P(\text{child } | \text{ didn't survive}) = \displaystyle\frac{1}{5}$$

Note that this subpart uses the notation $P(\text{child } | \text{ survived})$ and $P(\text{child } | \text{ didn't survive})$; these are equivalent to $P(\text{child} | 1)$ and $P(\text{child} | 0)$ using the notation in the previous subpart's solution.

$$P(\text{child } | \text{ survived}) = \frac{(\text{\# children that survived} + 1)}{(\text{\# children that survived} + 1) + \text{(\# adults that survived} + 1)}$$
$$= \frac{3 + 1}{(3 + 1) + (6 + 1)} = \frac{4}{11}$$

$$P(\text{child } | \text{ didn't survive}) = \frac{(\text{\# children that didn't survive} + 1)}{(\text{\# children that didn't survive} + 1) + \text{(\# adults that didn't survive} + 1)}$$
$$= \frac{0 + 1}{(0 + 1) + (3 + 1)} = \frac{1}{5}$$

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# END PROB