# BEGIN PROB

We define the **robust mean** of a collection of values to be the mean
of all values, once the largest and smallest values are removed. For
example, the robust mean of $2, 2, 3, 7, 12$ is $\frac{2+3+7}{3} = 4$.

# BEGIN SUBPROB

Fill in the blanks so that `worst_robustly` evaluates to
the `"airline"` with the lowest robust mean of `"overall"` ratings.
Assume there are no ties in robust ratings, and that each `"airline"`
has at least 3 ratings.

    def funky(x):
        return __(iii)__

    worst_robustly = reviews.__(i)__["overall"].__(ii)__(funky).idxmin()

- Options for `(i)`: 

( ) `sort_values("overall")`    
( ) `groupby("overall")`        
( ) `value_counts("overall")`   
( ) `sort_values("airline")`    
( ) `groupby("airline")`        
( ) `value_counts("airline")`   

- Options for `(ii)`:

( ) `agg` 
( ) `filter` 
( ) `transform`

- Options for `(iii)`: Free response

# BEGIN SOLUTION

**Answer**:

```python
    def funky(x):
        return x.sort_values().iloc[1:-1].mean()
        # OR
        return (x.sum() - x.min() - x.max()) / (x.shape[0] - 2)

    worst_robustly = reviews.groupby("airline")["overall"].agg(funky).idxmin()
```

Let's look at the problem step-by-step.

- (i). We want to find the name of the `"airline"` with the lowest robust mean of `"overall"` rating. To do so, we need to first find the robust mean of `"overall"` ratings for each `"airline"`. Since we want to perform this calculation **for each** `"airline"`, we should `groupby("airline")`. (Note that the `.idxmin()` at the very end of the expression finds the index of the lowest value in the preceding Series.)
- (ii). For each airline, we want to take all of its `"overall"` ratings – which are stored in a Series – and compute the robust mean of them. This act of taking many `"overall"` ratings and condensing them into a single value is called aggregation, and so the appropriate method here is `agg`.
- (iii). Finally, `funky` needs to find the robust mean of a collection of values. If `x` is a Series of values, there are a few ways we can do this:
    - Sort `x`, either in ascending or descending order. Then, remove the first and last value, which will be the min and max if sorted in ascending order, or the max and min if sorted in descending order (either way, it doesn't change the result). Then, extract all of the remaining values and take the mean of them. `x.sort_values().iloc[1:-1]` gets the values we need to take the mean of, and `x.sort_values().iloc[1:-1].mean()` returns what we want.
    - Use the fact that the mean of a collection of values is the sum of all values divided by the number of values total. Here, the robust mean is the mean of all values, with the min and max removed. The sum of all values, with the min and max removed, is `x.sum() - x.min() - x.max()`, and the number of values – again, with the min and max removed – is `x.shape[0] - 2`, which means that `(x.sum() - x.min() - x.max()) / (x.shape[0] - 2)` also returns the robust mean.

<average>86</average>

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# BEGIN SUBPROB

What are the input and output types of the function `funky`?

( ) Input: Series, Output: Number
( ) Input: Series, Output: Series
( ) Input: Series, Output: DataFrame
( ) Input: DataFrame, Output: Number
( ) Input: DataFrame, Output: Series
( ) Input: DataFrame, Output: DataFrame

# BEGIN SOLUTION

**Answer**: Input: Series, Output: Number

Let's take a look at the expression below:

```python
    reviews.groupby("airline")["overall"].agg(funky).idxmin()
```

`reviews.groupby("airline")["overall"]` is a SeriesGroupBy object, meaning that `funky` is called on various **Series**. Specifically, it is called on a Series of `"overall"` scores, separately for each `"airline"`. The output of `funky` is a single number, since it's an aggregation method that takes lots of values (numbers) and condenses them into a single value (number).

<average>52</average>

# END SOLUTION

# END SUBPROB

# END PROB